docs: update CONTRIBUTING guide, fix PR template, and clean up README (#290)
alchemyplatform/aa-sdk: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

We're excited to have you contribute to the `aa-sdk`. Here's a step-by-step guide to help you get started.

## Getting Started

1. **Fork and Clone**: First, [fork the `aa-sdk` repository](https://github.com/alchemyplatform/aa-sdk/fork). Then, clone your forked repo to your local machine.

2. **Install Dependencies**: Ensure you have `yarn` installed (we use version 1.x). Installation instructions are available [here](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install). Run `yarn` in the project root to install all necessary dependencies.

3. **Testing Environment**: Before making changes, make sure to verify the testing environment.

>    - Use the Node version specified in `package.json` (currently 18.10). Run `node -v` to check your version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Use the Node version specified in `package.json` (currently 18.16.0). Run `node -v` to check your version.
```
